BD-4787: Update bullet point from Legal (#9713)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_hidden/other/handbooks.md

<br>

- [Entitlements Handbook FY'26 PDF][6] (Valid for order forms signed from May 19, 2025)

> - [Entitlements Handbook FY’25 PDF][5] (Valid for order forms signed from March 4, 2024 or for order forms that specifically refer to this handbook)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Entitlements Handbook FY'25 PDF][5] (Valid for order forms signed from March 4, 2024 or for order forms that specifically refer to this handbook)
```
